ALINK is copyright 1998 Anthony A.J. Williams. All Rights Reserved.

ALINK is a linker, and links OBJ files into MSDOS COM and MSDOS EXE files.

The command line is:

ALINK [options] filename [options] [filenames] [options] ...

By default ALINK performs a case-sensitive link to an EXE file, without
padding segments.

Possible options are:

-c      Enable Case sensitive link
-c+     "
-c-     Disable Case sensitive link
-p      Pad segments (initialise all segments)
-p+     "
-p-     Disable segment padding
-o yyy  yyy is output filename
-oxxx   xxx specifies output format
        COM = output COM file
        EXE = output EXE file

options are case sensitive, so -ocom is invalid, as is -C.

If an output filename is not specified, then the output file is determined
from the output type, and the root of the first object file.

e.g.

        ALINK file1.obj -oCOM -o outfile.com

        Generates outfile.com from file1.obj

        ALINK file2.obj file3.obj -oEXE

        Generates file2.exe

Segments from different object files are combined if they have the same name
and class, and are not declared private. Absolute segments are never
combined, and stack segments are always combined.

Segments are emitted in the order they are present in the object files,
unless groups are used. All segments in groups are emitted before segments
not in groups. A segment may not be in more than one group. Segments in groups
are emitted in the order specified in the group definition. If two different
definitions of the same group specify different orders, the first definition
is used.

Thus, if in the second example above, file2.obj contains a group definition
equivalent to

        agroup group code,data,stack

and file3.obj contains a group definition equivalent to

        agroup group data,stack,bss,code

The final output for agroup will be

        code,data,stack,bss

The text output from the linker is quite verbose, and lists all the files as
they are loaded in. Any unrecognised object records will cause an error. Any
recognised, but ignored records, such as LINNUM records and COMENT records
will be printed on the screen. Since debug information is often contained in
COMENT records, this could lead to a lot of output. I suggest redirecting the
output to a file, or piping it through "more".

The output will also include a list of the segments, publics and externals.

Any questions, comments or bug reports please email me at

anthony.williams@mindless.com
